hey everybody welcome back to new in
line please the binding of issac
afterbirth plus we're uh we've been
unkillable lately it's been nice Isaac
that's good we won with Lilith last time
the lost the time before that and the
keeper the time before that
Isaac's a nice break vx NL h r TP
thankfully not an excel floor it could
have been and that would have thrown me
for a loop but instead we get a year of
rune a crystal ball the crystal ball
does not come with a spear at heart
sadly we d6 it and get the quarter and
honestly first floor quarter it's about
as good as it gets I was going to make a
joke about basketball and then I
realized I don't know anything about
basketball the only thing I know about
basketball is that apparently if you
have like two really good players you
can't be stopped it's kind of cool you
know the NHL I watch a lot of hockey
well I don't watch a lot of hockey
because I watch Canucks games and
they've been officially out of the
playoff running for like five and a half
months obviously didn't make the
playoffs and then beyond that we're
pretty terrible for the last several
months of the year they lost something
like 18 out of the last 20 games which
is good but then we also lost the draft
lottery really badly so you know what
fifth overall pick see it doesn't matter
we're going to talk about something else
but in hockey there's there's more
parity than in other sports I think
teams can be good for a long time but
there's a lot of kind of like changing
of the guard you know that all the teams
that are in like the conference finals
right now none of them have been to the
conference finals except maybe Anaheim
if they end up beating Edmonton because
that game has just started in the past
like five years or something like that
so you know it doesn't happen you go on
the Superbowl Patriots Patriots Patriots
Broncos Patriots Packers Packers Broncos
Patriots you know I understand there's a
salary cap in all these leagues but
still I'm not insulting football either
sometimes you know it's unfortunate I
guess it did happen in the NHL for a
while it was like you know you go back
to the 2000s Devil's avalanche Devil's
avalanche avalanche Devils you know and
then it was Pittsburgh Detroit
Pittsburgh Detroit
Detroit Pittsburgh Chicago Los Angeles
Chicago Los Angeles cago my favorite
city in Los Angeles wonderful State this
time of year and I don't know what I'm
talking about
I'm just salty but also happy that the
Toronto Raptors got knocked out in four
games salty because I mean I'd like to
see Canada win in basketball because
it's patently ridiculous but also pretty
cool it would be like watching Phoenix
win the Stanley Cup or something like
that
implausible in the near future but maybe
one day but also happy because that
means that there are other highlights on
Toronto sports networks I don't live in
Toronto but you know we got a small
educational base education entertainment
base that's what I'm trying to say
subscriber base on our cable channels so
we all get Toronto Sports News anyway
you get the idea is where my even coming
from with this the point is I hate
sauerkraut the point is actually I do
not hate sauerkraut I'm for it the point
is no greed fight which is not greed no
dukkha flies fight should ever take
longer than three minutes and 15 seconds
on the first floor it's a bad Bernie
Sanders impression by a person who's not
even in the nation okay that's it don't
even point out the fact that the frame
rate dipped because of a Skype message
trust me I'm aware I've pointed out the
absurdity so many times that it's it's
functionally at this point is beating a
dead horse I swear these dudes wait off
so good until I swear these do three
where is this episode going man I got no
idea either way we finally killed dukkha
flies we got a nice damage bonus still a
little sore from that tears downgrade
but we got the diplopia this is actually
quite good because you use diplopia
right away you get a d6 with a full
charge you want to grab that you want to
grab this if you want to be with me baby
there's a price to pay I'm a genie in a
bottle baby you gotta rub me the right
way you roll it again BOGO bombs is good
but if we get a free roll I'd rather
roll it again we get trinkets melter so
for free
we get a hold of petrified poop you
might think that that seems like a bit
of a whiff but honestly I actually think
trinkets melter is a good get at the way
in considering we basically got it for
free or for the price of diplopia as
like a huge package deal it's I think
it's pretty good because it's basically
petrified poop plus another trinket so
it's almost like we're also getting
mom's purse along with it although we
don't have the option to ever get rid of
petrified poop I still think not bad
it's not like we're going to roll with
the long term anyway so I think we got a
decent case to be made here for now I'm
just going to keep playing this guy and
open for the best a black rune is very
good does it
it doesn't suck up consumables right I I
recently got burned thinking it does
suck up consumables but I don't think it
sucks up consumables now we back off a
little bit and play this guy because we
want to get our money back I'm sorry our
HP back but I definitely want the demon
judgment to pay out that can be a big
pivot for us chariot card is wonderful
caffeine pills not what we're looking
for but a speed upgrade it's not bad
what makes you larger is bad but life
goes on considering we got petrified not
petrified but also petrified poop
considering we got magic mushroom on the
last floor we should be at a low low low
risk of dying if we do die it's like
great personal failing so I would accept
my own my own role in that demise
without a doubt now I'm hoping to get
some extra HP here we're already well
past the point where we can maximize or
optimize our HP for the deal with the
devil unless we got like there are rare
like five or six item deals with the
devil and maybe we could have taken
advantage of but it's low percentage for
certain so we're going to roll with the
black rune here and the reason for that
is very simple we want to keep the
yarrow rune for later so the black rune
is much much much more likely to be
useful right now that was a tight dodge
I'm happy we made it work think with two
keys I'm feeling a little lucky I could
afford to go play this shop
makes you larger hoping that it's the
special shop you know the one with the
two lucky pennies on it it's not but it
would have been nice if that were the
case either way one key down not really
a big ask and it's a small floor so I'm
going to just get my d6 charged up which
is going to happen on this room then
we're going to figure out just where the
heck we need to go after that points for
now
kill them Oh petrified poop thank you
yeah we should be shooting all this
because petrified poop especially on an
early floor they can give us like five
or six cents per floor not to mention
those excellent spirit hearts here by
the way mr. Megas lovely don't take that
as an insult to you personally mr. mega
I think you're the bee's knees
unfortunately we need more than the
bee's knees we need the business and
sach dagger is going to give the enemies
the business I think that's important
why don't we say give the business as if
it's a bad thing
oh so I'm going to give them the
business that would be good if I if I
please give me your business I would
would like to have your business improve
via my consistency that I deserve it and
appreciate it
don't punch me in the face I know that's
what the business means I'm just saying
I'm calling into question the
reliability of that is a as a phrase
needle and being pedantic it's an NL SS
original you know what all it does suck
up their goods so my expectation there
is that that wouldn't have done that
I could have rear old Butterbean but I
wanted to save the re-roll for the deal
with the devil and then you know get
some value out of black room before we
left the floor for good it's another
reroll opportunity deaths touch is great
reroll shot speed is not bad I guess but
it's also not good at all really it's
not that mean it's nice as a super
fringe like it's super fringy we needed
you know if you get a blue cap or
something like that later on we're gonna
be like thank God we got this but
without the blue cap a little bit less
relevant just thrown a little Hail Mary
out here I'll throw half a spirit heart
of the problem and see if a sticks it
didn't stick but we're still loving life
here 9.33 damage rate of fire is pretty
bad but room to grow and we got deal
with the devil precedent petrified poop
came through in the clutch
and you know what to be honest with you
one of the big things about picking up
debts touched there despite the fact
that our rate of fire is garbage is I do
not have to crash into enemies with sack
dagger now that doesn't mean I won't
however I probably never needed to crash
an enemies with sack dagger because we
got magic mushroom like the first floor
but I felt like I needed to we can do
this that was not the right way to go
but we got a free play out of it that
way it was still very much not the right
way to handle it but all right so we're
looking for Guppies head if we could
somehow get a battery charge on this
floor did hematemesis was very good
they're not on this floor literally
within this room that would be sick we
also just found our secret room for free
but a great personal risk it was like
I'm very mr. Magoo Johnny English sort
of moment in there like I'm just going
to get this charged right now but tell
you what just so we don't forget will do
then go ahead we haven't gone in this
room yet it's ten bombs we could reroll
it but we definitely want to reroll
guppies head first so think we are going
to take ten bombs and suggest that ten
bombs is actually pretty good yeah would
take oh dude
great temperance card
but we will take child's heart with us
if we end up getting a decent amount of
money this is uh oh that was really bad
a good opportunity for us to hopefully
replenish our HP and then use it to play
a blood bank and at this point we don't
need blood bag IV bag though is valuable
as a reroll pedestal and kind of a
recreate able reroll pedestal in some
situations as well so think you come
back here and you hope that this rerolls
into a good item and it did I would love
to I mean because I'm an idiot sometimes
with valuations in this game I would
love to be the guy who says seraphim's
not worth it and then you know reroll
because you never know if you're going
to snag another for real you never know
if you're gonna snag another guppy item
out of it or something like that but
seraphim is good enough to not pass up
special shop I want those luck upgrades
I also want pictures on my desk of
Spider Man instead that's not a very
good Jay jonah Jameson impression why
does every impression end up being bad
Bernie Sanders I don't know why I wish I
could do a good Bernie Sanders but if
it's not great it just runs the risk of
coming across as kind of offensive and I
don't mean it in that way plus all of my
Bernie Sanders impression fodder is
based on caricatures is not necessarily
antithetical to the spirit of comedy I
feel but I don't really have anything
more concrete to base it on I just
wanted like a him ordering a sandwich at
a subway I think all ingredients should
have equal representation on my Italian
BMT what that's actually just Barry
Sanders after he does the fusion Barry
Sanders Bernie Sanders after he does the
fusion dance with my Barack Obama
impression which is equally terrible
grab that let's go okay huge rate of
fire increase this run is not quite set
because our HP is pretty bad but we
we don't have a long way to go before it
really hits like unkillable status which
straight-up we deserve sometimes I feel
bad about having a lot of good runs in a
row and admittedly some of the bad roles
that we've had I shouldn't have done it
some of the bit well now actually worked
out completely fine but some of the bad
roles we've had on characters have
turned into our strongest runs recently
like that lost run was crazy strong and
the keeper run was pretty strong as well
although those can go off the rails in a
heartbeat right so that being said
whenever you roll the keeper that gives
you a few runs absolution of not feeling
bad about getting great quality items
especially getting keeper and lost
back-to-back it just magnifies that
impact I'm going to take this I like
spun I'm going to take that I like guppy
we're not quite at either of them but
those are the two valuable
transformations in the game we're most
likely to get and we actually wouldn't
say against all odds but we were pretty
slow coming out of that second floor and
yet here we are on pace to have a good
chance to get boss rush using sac dagger
effectively without getting ourselves
killed as a result it feels nice
god I'm drowsy mom transformation fodder
gets rear old into secret room
guarantees the guy I'm going to do a
little bit of exploration if we could
snag that's probably a second secret
room up here right no if we could snag
another HP upgrade via you know myriad
opportunities I would welcome it did we
come down here with enough we couldn't
have come down here with enough money to
get an arcade so instead we're actually
going to book it secret room
no just lost my mind there it's like
it's so 100 percent guarantee apparently
not it's not worth it
this is a big moment though are you a
wizard like I said huge moment
definitely want to go play that again to
see if we can get the second are you a
wizard pill without putting ourself a
great risk how's this one are you a
wizard trolls you if you take - are you
a wizards it actually gives you homing
tears but you've got to take them within
the time period of the first one still
being active because the first one was
like are you a wizard and it's a joke
the second one is like a whole holy crap
he's a wizard but I guess that would
ruin the pretty sweet joke of are you a
wizard which is that it's sorta makes
your shots as if they were being shot by
that guy from that internet meme picture
so I don't want to ruin the humor
implicit in that for the sake of a
potentially functional game mechanic or
anything like that we should shoot this
poop we could use another spear a tard
gain access to the secret room and oh
sorry the curse room and use that curse
room as a springboard for another guppy
item and then Bob's your uncle we've
constructed you know the most common
archetype for an Isaac win in history
good damage plus guppy but dude
sometimes you got to order the number
one when you go to a restaurant you know
that's what Isaac's famous for I'm
all-in
that was pretty bad though reroll decks
we've already got something very similar
we will take the dog tooth mild mild
damage upgrade in fact we shouldn't have
taken the dog tooth now that I think
about it we already have the x-ray
goggles so the dog tooth is kind of
obsolete the damage upgrade is just not
worth the the opportunity cost of taking
it that early I think but it also just
doesn't really matter that much that we
did that so BFF is pretty good this is
great though IV bag so I think we want
money so we're going to go like that
there's two cents that takes us to 15
since BFF is a great item so let's take
that reroll this skeleton key kind of
irrelevant but also sick 99 keys by the
spirit hard good stuff grab this go to
your deal with the devil if you don't
get a deal with the devil
after the bow fallen fallen masculine if
you don't get a deal with the devil
after your boss fight I think we've got
the time to go to this curse room and
it'll cost us our ninth life who cares
very very very small risk especially
considering our ninth life is terrible
right now at least in terms of its HP
cat-o'-nine-tails is lovely copy copy
copy
balls of steel balls of steel infested
and crystal maiden crystal Maiden I'm
singing race sipes DOTA song now dota 2
dota 2 templar assassin templar said
okay you get the idea
gonna have a half a red heart when we
leave here it's not good because we
could get to a full red heart probably
but we might also be guppy and we might
get some demon hearts on here so we're
in a better situation than originally
thought let's get a move on eleven
damage 9 rate of fire 2 speed good d6
tear effects are fine piercing shots in
particular is great yeah we can't really
be too offended the quality of this run
right now obviously like it's in a great
spot especially considering were one
item away from two different
transformations that would be incredible
right now plus BFF sac dagger like I
kind of just glossed over the fact that
we got that but as you can see it kills
some bosses before they even get a
chance to do their first attack so it
does put us at risk of accidentally
walking into them but if we can okay we
can avoid that most enemies are going to
eat it pretty quickly here
self-sacrifice room we we might have
enough HP to make a self-sacrifice room
work but the desire is not really there
are you a wizard classics your house was
so funny last time I took that pill I
fell off my dinosaur it's a bed you know
what deserve a bit of damage I was being
overly Petty there at the are you a
wizard joke it's just like does doesn't
add to the mechanical nature the game
and as a result the 45 year old man that
represents my inner child is offended no
take the steam sale like it's a bit of a
toss-up but I take the Steam sale as a
little extra incentive to possibly go to
the hush fight we are going to require a
little bit more HP until either before I
feel like that's a great decision
taro cloth is a wonderful item when we
get here
we got taro cloth the aro cloth that's a
great situation so we use that yara on
the chest presumably at least where the
heck is our item room is very slightly
further behind us
kind of like the Year 2015 check it out
was there any reason to do that yeah
there was you know what keeping your
skills sharp practice it's important you
know allen iverson kept saying we're
talking about practice i thought wait
that's not even a self-sacrifice room
that's just a room with spikes that
looks like a self sacrifice room
that's wild we don't need this we don't
need this we also do not need that
sir we don't have time for that I was
like is there a battery charge in there
doesn't seem like it Allen Iverson said
we're talking about practice not a game
not a game of this game that I that I
bleed for but practice
yeah well Allen Iverson a manly Guinea
nor anymore you know who is I mean he
isn't in the league any nor either way I
was going to make a joke about command &
Conquer but then I realized that's not
hand of not not nor or nor nor really
rad okay I'm getting caught in a
linguistic trap that I can't get out of
like the third single off of u2's
comeback album from the year 2000 check
it if it's Krampus Krampus is not
thankfully but if it were that's fine um
sure let's go for invincibility with one
luck
I think that's acceptable you certainly
want the Polaroid what's boss rush Oh
baby I love your way the mind is really
good epic foetus is fine like it's it's
actually a great item most of the time I
don't find it that fun so it's not the
this is I really like to deflect
unwarranted praise when when warranted
weirdly enough I don't think I'm
avoiding epic fetus because wow he's
such a noble you know Isaac player he
doesn't want to make his life too easy
it's not the case at all the cases
epic foetus is sort of unfun if we're
already in a winning position it's it's
unfun if you already have a good run if
we were up against it right now I'd take
it in a heartbeat I wouldn't question
that whatsoever the other thing is it
really doesn't matter if we die on this
boss fight right now is it oh there is a
whatever this thing is called the
Forsaken champion forsaken probably like
80% of the time I fight this guy it's on
boss rush I'm not even sure if he exists
outside of boss rush it's like Michael
Buble and Christmas albums got him okay
that's not an insult you know if I could
be the king of Christmas music I'd be
fine with that brings joy to many
people's households during an important
time of the year you know nothing wrong
with that
dude sack dagger is still like by far
our best damage dealer if you can
position yourself properly you're like a
spanish bullfighter or something like
that going you know Toro carry and Queen
except nobody feels bad about it because
instead of being you know borderline
animal cruelty but also at the same time
a you know cultural tradition so as a
result it becomes a prickly subject
instead it just makes you look sweet cuz
everyone's like good kill that weird
little gross worm that drops red poops
and doesn't afraid of anything you know
you will never ever get this so we got
our spirit heart back which I thought
was pretty important it was close if we
could choose what item we get at this
point I would really like to get the
ability to fly I think just a little bit
of added mobility could tie this whole
run together we're going to win
basically 100% certainty regardless I'll
take stigmata that's it's decent um I'll
take but the ability to fly would just
leave us that much more head and
shoulders above the competition right
now I think the more Isaac I play and
we're really approaching absurdity for
that statement but I think the more
Isaac I play the more those enemies are
among my least favorite they're hard to
kill with orbitals they can hit you
because of their speed before you can
hit them even if your damage is really
good if your damage is amazing nothing
stopping you but I think I probably once
we get down to this floor I most
consistently take damage against those
vaginal silk worms especially if there
are bombs because then you can't even
crash into them not that that stops me
on a regular basis but okay 33 percent
deal with devil 100% concentrated force
of will one of the best cards in eternal
masters
Wow I thought for sure he'd be dusted my
own fault but I thought for sure he'd be
dust what do we got speed pheromones
hematemesis lemonparty one makes you
larger take Kiera he's gonna to be
honest you take a lot to get me to get
rid of this yarrow rune right now it's
going to take much more than a one makes
you larger pill speed upgrade not a
speed upgrade no spirit hearts I'd like
to take I mean I have many things I'd
like to buy the world a coke for one but
I'd also like to Cameron Bodi says in
the Smash Mouth song in why can't we be
friends say I'd like to buy the world a
toke I can't remember should go back and
listen to that album how many times have
I told that Smash Mouth story all-star
was a big song I mean it's a big song
now for whatever reason it was a big
song when I was in like sixth grade she
said hey MA for Christmas I would really
like the Smash Mouth album with all-star
on it get out of here
didn't work out um she says sure son no
problem was no malicious intent she's a
lovely woman as I'm sure you would infer
based on the lovely son that you know it
contains 50% of her DNA and was also
reared by her another thing we want them
bulb dim bulb is a cool trinket I'm
actually a little sad that I don't think
dim bulb has a place on this run child's
heart doesn't really either consider we
only have one HP but we're gonna be
holding full these six charges a lot of
the time it's just not the right item to
work with here no not really very useful
their Christmas comes you know open up
the CD it's clearly shaped like a CD
pretty sure it's either going to be
Ricky Martin's self-titled debut in the
West Wild Wild West
soundtrack just joking already own that
or smash mouths 1999 album album Astro
lounge instead I open it up it's Smash
Mouth the album is called something you
know edgy like foo show Hmong or
something like that I know that sounds
like I'm being offensive but it really
is called something like that it's
called like fudge you man but like a
written weird now I'll give him some
credit it may not have contained all
star which was basically the only reason
I wanted it in the first place however
what are you used by the single on
iTunes pack you might you hole you
making me mad we're gonna die here
but that's good for runnin baby
considering we had the same amount of HP
then as we do now
but it did have walking on the Sun it's
an okay song it actually is probably a
better song than all star if you if you
don't let yourself be blinded by Shrek
and internet memes in the modern era I
think walk I mean they're both pretty
bad in my opinion and I know some of you
are smiling along and going yeah pretty
bad I get it no I don't like the song
all-star is it part of it is because
it's become ironically overplayed but
also I understand that you know many
people are weary of nostalgia so instead
they've just mastered as irony I don't
know where I'm going with this is
getting a little too pretentious even
for me a dark bum please because then
you can listen to all-star and be like
hey Dae all-star mean but really as
you're listening to it something in your
brain on a primal level is going things
are so much better back then back in
fifth grade man the world was so simple
what about iran-contra what about contra
great game series they don't make games
like that anymore well they do but then
they come out on Steam and we don't play
them instead we go all these indie devs
with their a big pixel art like why
don't you learn how to make a 3d model
yeah
idiots
it ain't no joke I'd like to teach the
world the code that you can use and
contrast
title screen the get in infinite lives
and then you try to find the Rams but
it's not easy because the song goes
pretty fastest there's a Smash Mouth
song from foosh your mom see you'll see
it yourself go look up the album before
you get mad at me saying something that
sounds offensive go look up the album
title okay I might be off by a little
but I don't think I'm off by a lot it's
like Alan Jackson said man a lot about
living and a little about love thank you
for these spirit hearts by the way all
good I'm excited and I just can hide it
anyway that was my Smash Mouth story the
punch line has already passed wonder how
quickly we can dust him I really thought
we might be able to do it before he even
did his first attack there let's go it's
going to be an easy run but you know
what we as far as I'm concerned deserved
it after some of the runs we've had
recently okay okay I'm trying to take
inventory first I really would have
wanted to reroll that one um we're not
going to lose our spirit or sorry our
red hearts in all likelihood so I think
we should take SMB super fan I think we
should take blood of the martyr for
damage I think we should use Satanic
Bible once and then the rest of these
items are getting parceled out for
rerolls sure the body is okay but I
don't think we needed ok Capricorn you
definitely take probably multi
dimensional baby as well blue baby's
only friend the strike took the body by
accident the straw is great as well
don't get me wrong we're never going to
use Judas as shadow with six six
existing lives so I think you use Data
Miner once to make yourself throw up
we got a range down lock up see greatest
item in the game we roll all these then
you get a little Jacob's Ladder that's
lovely
some of these other items are okay we
just don't need them and I'm wary that
maybe jacob's ladder' plus bombs might
lead to no Jacob's Ladder and Jacob's
Ladder is a lot better than than bombs
for many reasons it's more novel I'm not
ashamed to admit it but it's also just I
think more damaged at this point now
bombs might still give us Jacob's Ladder
I'm admittedly sort of unsure please if
I ever become like a hermit who lives in
a shack next to a swamp somewhere you're
gonna know that it's because I like to
be social I am believe it or not and Eve
I believe this given that I'd sit in my
room and play video games all day but I
am an introvert but I'm one of that I
you know I don't necessarily fit the
designation of like I never liked to
talk to people I do like to be social
and I think I do okay in social
situations as well but you know there
are times where you know I order
something at a restaurant or like a
drink or something it never comes okay
it's like why don't you talk to the
waitress and oh my god I don't really
want to cuz I don't want her to feel bad
about herself you know as long as it's
not on the bill I'll just take it as the
cost of doing business that's not a good
attitude you should have the courage to
say hey I ordered this you repeated it
to me I said yes that's correct and then
it hasn't arrived what gives
but the Skype socializing this is not
even the normal Skype group is too much
and it says it's weirdly inopportune
times but anyway we finished our episode
here thanks for watching hope you
enjoyed it that was an easy one I'm sort
of hoping we face a little bit more
strife at least like glass cannon style
next time but for now thanks for
watching hope you enjoyed it if you did
click the like button upside a great
deal of course subscribe you wanna see
more in the future but for now thanks
for watching and I will see you next
time